add note for csi-provider (#30558)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/deploy/kubernetes/csi/index.mdx

- Syncing secrets to Kubernetes secrets to be used as environment variables.
- Installation via [Vault Helm](/vault/docs/platform/k8s/helm)

> <Note title="Note">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
```
Note tags have the title "Note" by default :)

>   Installation via Helm runs the Vault CSI provider alongside [Vault Agent](/vault/docs/deploy/kubernetes/csi) within the same pod. If the Vault Agent container is to stop or restart, the leases managed by Vault Agent will eventually be revoked since the token used to create the leases cannot be renewed..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Installing with Helm runs the Vault CSI provider alongside
  [Vault Agent](/vault/docs/deploy/kubernetes/csi) within the same pod. Vault
  Agent cannot renew tokens created before a restart. As a result, if the Vault
  Agent container stops or restarts, when a preexisting token expires, Vault
  Agent revokes the associated lease.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
